The project was created as an example of the newspaper. Site’s users are divided into two categories: readers and authors. Support for individual roles is done with gem devise. The appearance of the newspaper was created using Bootstrap. Flash messages are implemented using gem gritter. The weather is added through the JS feature, which connects to the Weather World Weather API. Also, an example of using JS is added to the Typed library (welcome words). The site has its own icon generated by the favicon generator.

Readers

After registering on the main page, readers will be able to see all published articles from different authors. Four articles located on the one page. All articles the readers can drag and drop, sorting them in random order. The following articles can be viewed by going to the following pages. The ability to split articles into pages is done using will_paginate. By clicking the "Read" button, the reader goes to the selected article. In addition to the article, the reader sees the author and the time when it was published. The reader has the opportunity to comment on the article by pre-filling the reCAPTCHA, and also to evaluate the article by clicking on the character. If a reader likes a particular article, a button with a list of all liked articles will appear on the main page.

Authors

When you visit a page for authors, the author sees a list of his own articles (if they exist, if the articles are not exist, the author sees a printed invitation to write an article). Also, the author sees two buttons "New article" and "Statistics". Under the buttons is implemented a small chat for authors. Chat messages appear without the need to update the page. Chat was written using Action Cable.  By clicking on the "New" button, the author go over the page for creating a new article. Here, the author can choose the category to which the article belongs, the time of publication (Datepicker for visual display calendar and Whenever to post an article on the day it was scheduled) or leave it in drafts. Also, the author can download the photo (Active Storage). By choosing one or several photos and clicking Submit, the author sees how each of the files is downloaded (direct upload). If the author doesn want to upload a photo, a gray screen saver will appear in photo's place. The author can also view the article by deleting or adding photos, changing the time of publication, or moving the article from drafts to "published".
By clicking on the Statistics button, the author go over the page with statistics that is depicted by different charts (chartkick) and tables. Also, the author can download statistics (prawn) in pdf format.

Admin

The admin has a separate panel (Active admin). Can view and edit articles, authors, readers, salaries and comment comments.

The project in the production environment is located on the server amzon ec2 (puma and nginx). And article's photos are downloaded to amazon s3.
